[Music]
capuchins have different calls for
different threats the rest of the troop
instantly recognized this one and all
come together
[Music]
they try to scare the snake away by
making as much noise as possible even
the baby is determined to help but his
mother has spotted something this yellow
rat snake isn't after monkeys it's after
a Brazilian rodent called a poon RA
capuchins are incredibly curious and
even the baby can't resist taking a
closer look
[Music]
but there's a fine line between
curiosity and full hardiness
[Music]
with hundreds of backward facing teeth
there's no way the snake is giving up
his prize but that wasn't the only punar
a all fear forgotten the little baby
scrambles to join in but punar a's
aren't easy to catch
[Music]
once again it's the experienced male who
takes the lead
[Music]
the group finally get a decent meal just
as importantly our baby monkey has
passed his first test in surviving on
his own he's also witnessed just how
resourceful his family needs to be to
survive here
you